Add docs for per capp logging (#511)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/develop/monitoring-capp-level-logs.md

# Monitoring Composite Application-Level Logs

> The advantage of having per-composite application logs is that it is very easy to analyze/monitor what went wrong in this particular composite application (integration) by looking at the logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of having per-composite application logs is that it is straightforward to analyze/monitor what went wrong in a particular composite application (integration) by looking at the logs. 
```

## Enabling log4j2 for capp logging

Follow the instructions below to enable log4j2 logs for a sample composite application (named `HelloWorldCompositeExporter`).

> 1.  Open up the `log4j2.properties` file (stored in the `<MI_HOME>/conf` directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open up the `log4j2.properties` file (stored in the `<MI_HOME>/conf` directory. 
```

> 2.  Let's modify the layout pattern of a new or existing appender for the `HelloWorldCompositeExporter` composite application by adding the following section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Let's modify the layout pattern of a new or existing appender for the `HelloWorldCompositeExporter` composite application by adding the following section.
```

    ```bash
    # CARBON_LOGFILE is set to be a DailyRollingFileAppender using a PatternLayout.
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.type = RollingFile
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.name = CARBON_LOGFILE
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.fileName = ${sys:logfiles.home}/wso2carbon.log
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.filePattern = ${sys:logfiles.home}/wso2carbon-%d{MM-dd-yyyy}.log
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.layout.type = PatternLayout
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.layout.pattern = [%d] %5p {%c}  |%X{Artifact-Container}| - %m%ex%n
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.type = Policies
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.time.type = TimeBasedTriggeringPolicy
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.time.interval = 1
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.time.modulate = true
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.size.type = SizeBasedTriggeringPolicy
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.size.size=10MB
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.strategy.type = DefaultRolloverStrategy
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.strategy.max = 20
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.filter.threshold.type = ThresholdFilter
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.filter.threshold.level = DEBUG
    ```

3. Save the `log4j2.properties` file.

A sample log output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: It seems this is not properly getting rendered due to tab?

<img width="983" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ee635372-5fa0-47ea-9f35-b0800f043c0e">

# Monitor Composite Application-Level Logs

The advantage of having per-composite application logs is that it is straightforward to analyze/monitor what went wrong in a particular composite application (integration) by looking at the logs. 

> ## Enable log4j2 for composite application logging

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Enable Log4j2 for composite application logging
```

> Follow the instructions below to enable log4j2 logs for a sample composite application (named `HelloWorldCompositeExporter`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions below to enable Log4j2 logs for a sample composite application (named `HelloWorldCompositeExporter`).
```

> 1. Open up the `log4j2.properties` file (stored in the `<MI_HOME>/conf` directory. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open the `log4j2.properties` file located in the `<MI_HOME>/conf` directory. 
```

> 2. Let's modify the layout pattern of a new or existing appender for the `HelloWorldCompositeExporter` composite application by adding the following section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Modify the layout pattern of a new or existing appender for the `HelloWorldCompositeExporter` composite application by adding the following section.
```

     %X{Artifact-Container}
    ```
    
    
    For example:

    ```bash
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.type = RollingFile
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.name = CARBON_LOGFILE
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.fileName = ${sys:logfiles.home}/wso2carbon.log
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.filePattern = ${sys:logfiles.home}/wso2carbon-%d{MM-dd-yyyy}.log
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.layout.type = PatternLayout
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.layout.pattern = [%d] %5p {% raw %}{%c}{% endraw %}  |%X{Artifact-Container}| - %m%ex%n
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.type = Policies
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.time.type = TimeBasedTriggeringPolicy
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.time.interval = 1
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.time.modulate = true
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.size.type = SizeBasedTriggeringPolicy
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.policies.size.size=10MB
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.strategy.type = DefaultRolloverStrategy
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.strategy.max = 20
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.filter.threshold.type = ThresholdFilter
    appender.CARBON_LOGFILE.filter.threshold.level = DEBUG
    ```

3. Save the `log4j2.properties` file.

## Sample log output

> Following is a sample log output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Following is a sample log output:
```

# Monitoring Composite Application-Level Logs

The advantage of having per-composite application logs is that it is straightforward to analyze/monitor what went wrong in a particular composite application (integration) by looking at the logs. 

> ## Enabling log4j2 for Composite Application logging

Reviewer: Titles should be in sentence case. [1] https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/text-formatting/formatting-titles
